Committee Meeting for May 7th, 2015
===================================

Attendees
---------
* Kyle Wernham
* Gareth Pulham

* Harry Reeder
* Gary Kirk
* Amantle Craviolatti

Agenda
------
* Creation of executive assistant roles
* New society meeting schedule
* September intake programme/Content planning
* Outreach
* Website

Creation of executive assistant roles
-------------------------------------
* During the AGM it was noted we might want additional, non-executive roles on the committee which had extra advantages when contacting outside groups.
* Decided that it should be consistent but flexible - "Members" were agreed.
* Gary, Harry, and Amantle to to members.
* Business cards - lets get some, if we make regular, in person contact (TMU?).

New society meeting schedule
----------------------------
* Decided on an informal weekly meeting in a fixed room (C27?) for people to be able to drop in consistently
* With less frequent organised presented content.
* The informal meetings will be a single day consistently, with presented events staggered between 2 days.

September intake programme/Content Planning
-------------------------------------------
* Freshers week - pre-buy stuff and retroactively claim funds.
* Server on the faire table
* Mini hack (with SoC?). Let's get more than devs involved
* Mobile apps: get an App Explorer competition going - Speak to Sally for a Games Lab tablet.
* Web Apps
* Crash and Compile
* Talks
* MLH hack in 26/27th September

Outreach
----------------
* Front-of-class "we're here" talks.
* Outreach to the SoC
* Open source encouragement
* Sponsors
    * Hard until we've developed a name.
* Partners
    * CompSoc at Edinburgh
    * NVGS
* Lecturers and ex-students
    * Contacts in industry and other such stuff
    * Many companies that take on interns might consider getting involved with usa
* Product and service provider outreach
    * Sponsored licenses
    * Donated equipment
    * Beneficial accounts

Website
-------
* We need a new one!
* Split public and member websites
* A wiki. DokuWiki? MW?
* Who owns the domain: we don't know - whois says "napier" - speak to Graham.
* Emails would be nice - Harry is offering some of his legacy Google Apps slots.

Miscellany
----------
* Consider branding re. "Developers", change to mainly using NDS.
* Need to get on the (E)NSA website
